[typespec-vscode] Make 'convert to object value' code fix recursive (#5342)
microsoft/typespec: .chronus/changes/make-convert-to-objval-codefix-recursive-2024-11-18-5-24-11.md

---
# Change versionKind to one of: internal, fix, dependencies, feature, deprecation, breaking

> changeKind: fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changeKind: feature
```

packages:
  - "@typespec/compiler"
---

> Code Fix recursively handles complex model expression transformations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Convert model/tuple expression to value code fix is applied to the entire value.
```
